# A Decision Support System For The Homeless

Built as a web application for my final year in university. Intended for homeless individuals to broadcast their position(s)/location(s) at any arbitrary time in order for soup kitchens or other aid organizations to better prepare, in ways such as but not limited to:

- Stocking *x* amount of meals appropriate for the amount of homeless individuals within an area
- Bringing in special order(s) requested by homeless individuals from within the application (such as extra blankets, a book/pen, medicine, etc)
- Estimates the optimal location to place a soup kitchen/aid booth based on the location(s) of homeless individuals in an area by calculating the geometric median of the set of location(s).

---

### Backend built with:
- Express
- PostgreSQL
- Nodejs

### Frontend for the project was built with:
- React
- HTML
- CSS

*Frontend isn't pushed as I'm not too happy with it. :^)*

## Build instructions
- Create a .env file with fields in root folder of project:
```
DB_USER=
DB_PASSWORD=
DB_HOST=
DB_PORT=
DB_DATABASE=
ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET_USER=
REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET_USER=
ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET_ORG=
REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET_ORG=
```
You'll need to fill in these details. Database credentials are for my **PostgreSQL** database connection, while the access/refresh tokens can be generated by using Node.js's built-in crypto library in Node CLI. I used `require('crypto').randomBytes(64).toString('hex')`.

There are two separate access/secret tokens for users (homeless individuals) and access/secret tokens for aid organizations. This was a mistake on my part as the JWT authentication was added midway through the project and I had already designed my database tables in such a way where there were two tables for `USER` and `ORGANIZATION`, where I should have instead had a singular `USERS` (for both normal users and organizations) and a separate `ROLES` table. Oh well.

- In root directory, run `npm install` to download `node_modules`.
- To start application, `npm start`
## Notes:
- Despite no frontend, application still works if sent data to REST API endpoints such as `localhost:8080/loginuser`, `localhost:8080/registeruser`, etc. I used **Postman** for this.

